"I set goals and go after them with all the determination I can muster. When I do this, my own skills and talents will take me to places that amaze me."
"If we give our children sound self-love, they will be able to deal with whatever life puts before them. - bell hooks"
I wake up today with strength in my heart and clarity in my mind.
"If you hear a voice within you say “you cannot paint,” then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced. –Vincent Van Gogh"
"I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear. –Rosa Parks"
I feel more grateful each day.
"You have two choices in life. You can either like your life, or you can choose not to like your life. I have chosen to like mine. — Barbara Pierce Bush, ""Pearls of Wisdom: Little Pieces of Advice (That Go A Long Way)"
"When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go. — Carol Burnett"
I finish what matters and let go of what does not.
"Wake up determined, go to bed satisfied. — Dwayne""The Rock"" Johnson"
I’m rising above the thoughts that are trying to make me angry or afraid.
"If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money. –Abigail Van Buren"
"You become what you give your attention to."" —  Epictetus"
Belief creates the actual fact. — William James
"Teach thy tongue to say, ""I do not know,"" and thous shalt progress. –Maimonides"
I wake up motivated.
Optimism is the fuel driving every fight I’ve been in. —  Kamala Harris
"When you feel the need to apologize or explain who you are, it means the voice in your head is telling you the wrong story. Wipe the slate clean. And rewrite it. —  Shonda Rhimes, ""The Year of Yes"
I am getting healthier every day.
"Alone we can do so little, together we can do so much.” — Helen Keller"
Today is a phenomenal day.
"Though these times are difficult, they are only a short phase of life."
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. — C.S. Lewis
All is well. I am open to creative solutions. I release my limiting beliefs. —  Gabby Bernstein
"​​For there is always light / If only we’re brave enough to see it / If only we’re brave enough to be it. —  Amanda Gorman, “The Hill We Climb”"
"If you can dream it, you can achieve it. –Zig Ziglar"
I am confident.
"I have made mistakes, but I will not let them define me."
I am superior to negative thoughts and low actions.
I am living with abundance.
It ain't about how hard you hit. It’s about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. — Sylvester Stallone in Rocky Balboa
There is nothing impossible to they who will try. — Alexander the Great
"Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen—that stillness becomes a radiance. — Morgan Freeman"
"Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart. – Ancient Indian Proverb"
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. - Albert Einstein"
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill"
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. –Michael Jordan
"Women challenge the status quo because we are never it.” — Cindy Gallop"
"Keep your head up, keep your heart strong. —  Ben Howard, “Keep Your Head Up”"
The simple act of listening to someone and making them feel as if they have truly been heard is a most treasured gift. — L. A. Villafane
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around. — Henry David Thoreau
"You don't always need a plan. Sometimes you just need to breathe, trust, let go and see what happens. — Mandy Hale"
The mind is everything. What you think you become.  –Buddha
"When it comes to luck, you make your own." — Bruce Springsteen
You are the sky—everything else is just the weather. —  Pema Chödrön
"Work hard, know your s—t, show your s—t, and then feel entitled. — Mindy Kaling"
I am conquering my illness; I am defeating it steadily each day.
"I am a feminist, and what that means to me is much the same as the meaning of the fact that I am Black; it means that I must undertake to love myself and to respect myself as though my very life depends upon self-love and self-respect.” - June Jordan"
I am having a positive and inspiring impact on the people I come into contact with.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. –Plato
"Do what you can, where you are, with what you have. –Teddy Roosevelt"
I use obstacles to motivate me to learn and grow.
A river of compassion washes away my anger and replaces it with love.
"Dreams don’t have to just be dreams. You can make it a reality; if you just keep pushing and keep trying, then eventually you'll reach your goal. And if that takes a few years, then that's great, but if it takes or then that's part of the process. — Naomi Osaka"
"Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence." — Vince Lombardi
"The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. –Amelia Earhart"
"Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you. –Jesus"
I will not let anyone scare me out of my full potential. — Nicki Minaj
I am courageous and I stand up for myself.
The unexpected paths are often the most beautiful. —  Damiaan Denys
"It's your place in the world; it's your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live. –Mae Jemison"
You become what you believe. –Oprah Winfrey
You don’t have to wait for life to change to feel better. Feel better and your life will change. —  Patricia Moreno
"When nothing is sure, everything is possible.—Margaret Drabble"
“Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality” — Les Brown
"We all have problems. But it's not what happens to us, [it 's] the choices we make after." — Elizabeth Smart
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. –Stephen Covey
"What I have done today was the best I was able to do today. And for that, I am thankful."
"The moral of my story is the sun always comes out after the storm. Being optimistic and surrounding yourself with positive loving people is for me, living life on the sunny side of the street. — Janice Dean"
“Either you run the day or the day runs you.” — Jim Rohn
"There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing. –Aristotle"
"(For business ownersMy business is growing, expanding, and thriving."
"I’ve made it through hard times before, and I’ve come out stronger and better because of them. I’m going to make it through this."
"People tell you the world looks a certain way. Parents tell you how to think. Schools tell you how to think. TV. Religion. And then at a certain point, if you're lucky, you realize you can make up your own mind. Nobody sets the rules but you. You can design your own life. — Carrie Ann Moss"
"Limitations live only in our minds.  But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. –Jamie Paolinetti"
"At the end of the day, whether or not those people are comfortable with how you're living your life doesn't matter. What matters is whether you're comfortable with it. — Dr. Phil"
I would rather die of passion than of boredom. –Vincent van Gogh
Happiness is a choice. I base my happiness on my own accomplishments and the blessings I've been given.
My ability to conquer my challenges is limitless; my potential to succeed is infinite.
The only journey is the one within. — Rainer Maria Rilke
"My past might be ugly, but I am still beautiful."
I acknowledge my own self-worth; my confidence is soaring.
"Life is about making an impact, not making an income. --Kevin Kruse"
I believe the choice to be excellent begins with aligning your thoughts and words with the intention to require more from yourself. —  Oprah Winfrey
"Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. –Gloria Steinem"
“Be a positive energy trampoline – absorb what you need and rebound more back.” — Dave Carolan
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. –Booker T. Washington"
"In the depths of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer. —  Albert Camus, ""Personal Writings"
A lot of people are afraid to say what they want. That's why they don't get what they want. — Madonna
“I am so clever that sometimes I don’t understand a single word of what I am saying.” — Oscar Wilde
"Always do what you are afraid to do. —  Ralph Waldo Emerson, Essays & Lectures"
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any. - Alice Walker
My nature is Divine; I am a spiritual being.
"When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us. –Helen Keller"
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it. –Chinese Proverb
"People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.” — Winnie the Pooh"
The best revenge is massive success. –Frank Sinatra
I am experienced enough to do this. I am knowledgeable enough to do this. I am prepared enough to do this. I am mature enough to do this. I am brave enough to do this. — Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez in Knock Down The House
"You make a choice: continue living your life feeling muddled in this abyss of self-misunderstanding, or you find your identity independent of it. You draw your own box. — Duchess Meghan"
An unexamined life is not worth living. –Socrates
"When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me. –Erma Bombeck"
“Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.” — Thomas Edison
You define your own life. Don't let other people write your script. — Oprah Winfrey
"I accept myself for who I am and create peace, power and confidence of mind and of heart."
"If you don’t decide what your priorities are in life, everyone else will decide for you."" —  Christy Wright"
"Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it.  Boldness has genius, power and magic in it. –Johann Wolfgang von Goethe"
"How wild it was, to let it be. — Cheryl Strayed"
"I am all-knowing. All that I need to know, I already know, and all the guidance I need is within me. —  Dr. Carmen Harra"
Weaknesses are just strengths in the wrong environment. — Marianne Cantwell
"(If you're marriedMy marriage is becoming stronger, deeper, and more stable each day."
"I will survive / Oh, as long as I know how to love, I know I’ll stay alive / I’ve got all my life to live / And I’ve got all my love to give and I’ll survive. —  Freddie Perren and Dino Fekaris (sung by Gloria Gaynor)"
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails.  Explore, Dream, Discover. –Mark Twain"
I am guided in my every step by Spirit who leads me towards what I must know and do.
Happiness is not something readymade.  It comes from your own actions. –Dalai Lama
"Being vulnerable is a strength, not a weakness." — Selena Gomez
"I want to be in the arena. I want to be brave with my life. And when we make the choice to dare greatly, we sign up to get our asses kicked. We can choose courage or we can choose comfort, but we can't have both. Not at the same time. — Brene Brown"
Note to self: I am going to make you so proud.
"Life isn't about getting and having, it's about giving and being. –Kevin Kruse"
"If you can dream it, you can do it.” ―Walt Disney"
My soul radiates from the inside and warms the souls of others.
“I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.” — Stephen R. Covey
"Grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference. —  The Big Book of Alcoholics Anonymous (paraphrased from original prayer by Reinhold Niebuhr)"
"I am a living, breathing example of motivation."
My efforts are being supported by the universe; my dreams manifest into reality before my eyes.
I am not pushed by my problems; I am led by my dreams.
"If my mind can conceive it, if my heart can believe it, then I can achieve it." — Muhammad Ali
"Happiness is a choice, and today I choose to be happy."
Embrace the glorious mess that you are. — Elizabeth Gilbert
"I'm going to be gone one day, and I have to accept that tomorrow isn't promised. Am I OK with how I’m living today? It's the only thing I can help. If I didn't have another one, what have I done with all my todays? Am I doing a good job? — Hayley Williams"
I am not defined my by past; I am driven by my future.
"Even if it makes others uncomfortable, I will love who I am.” - Janelle Monáe "
"I am turning DOWN the volume of negativity in my life, while simultaneously turning UP the volume of positivity."
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” — George Eliot
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. - Zig Ziglar
Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. –Pablo Picasso
"I am deeply grateful for all that I have, and all that I am.—Louise Hay"
"I am at peace with all that has happened, is happening, and will happen."
"No matter what gets done and how much is left undone, I am enough. —  Brene Brown"
"Today, I abandon my old habits and take up new, more positive ones."
"Seize the day, place in the hours that come as little faith as you can. —  Horace, “Odes”"
"No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world. — Robin Williams  as John Keating in Dead Poets Society"
"Remember, teamwork begins by building trust. And the only way to do that is to overcome our need for invulnerability.” — Patrick Lencioni"
"Look out ‘cause here I come / And I’m marching on to the beat I drum / I’m not scared to be seen / I make no apologies, this is me. —  Benj Pasek and Justin Paul, “This Is Me” (sung by Keala Settle)"
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. –Christopher Columbus
Eighty percent of success is showing up. –Woody Allen
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. –Babe Ruth
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. –Dalai Lama
"When a defining moment comes along, you define the moment or the moment defines you. —  Ron Shelton, ""Tin Cup"
We have to let go of who we think we should be and embrace what is. — Achea Redd
I'm not going to continue knocking that old door that doesn't open for me. I'm going to create my own door and walk through that. — Ava DuVernay
"Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. –Steve Jobs"
"Today, I am brimming with energy and overflowing with joy."
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. –Anais Nin
Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent. –Eleanor Roosevelt
"I can do anything but not everything."" —  Greg McKeown, Essentialism"
"Each day is the field of brightness where the invitation of our life unfolds. — John O’Donohue, from Benedictus: A Book of Blessings"
"You don’t have to feel like a waste of space/ You’re original, cannot be replaced / If you only knew what the future holds/ After a hurricane comes a rainbow. —  Katy Perry"
The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me. –Ayn Rand
"If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. –Oprah Winfrey"
"We have to be better. We have to love more, hate less. We've gotta listen more and talk less. We've gotta know that this is everybody's responsibility. — Meghan Rapinoe"
I'm realizing how much I've diminished my own power. I'm not doing that no more. — Alicia Keys
Let love rule. — Lenny Kravitz
"When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. –Henry Ford"
"I radiate beauty, charm, and grace."
"Not having the best situation, but seeing the best in your situation is the key to happiness. — Marie Forleo"
"Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs. –Farrah Gray"
"If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on. –Sheryl Sandberg"
"You don’t have to be defined or confined by your environment, by your family circumstances, and certainly not by your race or gender. — Mariah Carey"
I belong in this world; there are people that care about me and my worth.
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. –Les Brown
"Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him.  –Booker T. Washington"
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. –Ralph Waldo Emerson
Everything happens right on time. —  Hoda Kotb
"(For those who are unemployed: I deserve to be employed and paid well for my time, efforts, and ideas. Each day, I am closer to finding the perfect job for me."
I possess the qualities needed to be extremely successful.
I am getting better and better every day.
"If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten. –Tony Robbins"
“Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work in hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus. “ — Alexander Graham Bell
My future is an ideal projection of what I envision now.
"We need to take risks. We need to go broke. We need to prove them wrong, simply by not giving up. — Awkwafina"
My life has meaning. What I do has meaning. My actions are meaningful and inspiring.
"Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. –Napoleon Hill"
Dream big and dare to fail. –Norman Vaughan
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
"Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right. –Henry Ford"
"If nothing ever changed, there would be no butterflies. — Author Unknown"
"Whatever you think the world is withholding from you, you are withholding from the world. — Eckhart Tolle
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration. —William Ellery Channing
"In order for the light to shine so brightly, the darkness must be present." — Sir Francis Bacon
"Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. –Maya Angelou"
We are not our best intentions. We are what we do. — Amy Dickinson
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. –Martin Luther King Jr.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. –Confucius
My thoughts are filled with positivity and my life is plentiful with prosperity.
"Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.” — Steve Jobs"
"When you've seen beyond yourself, then you may find, peace of mind is waiting there. — George Harrison"
I am going to forgive myself and free myself. I deserve to forgive and be forgiven.
Creative energy surges through me and leads me to new and brilliant ideas.
“It’s not about better time management. It’s about better life management” — Alexandra of The Productivity Zone
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says 'I'm possible!' — Audrey Hepburn
"Keep some room in your heart for the unimaginable. —  Mary Oliver, “Evidence”"
"Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky. — Rabindranath Tagore"
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. –Mark Twain
Many people look up to me and recognize my worth; I am admired.
"Nobody built like you, you design yourself. — Jay-Z"
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. – Albert Einstein
The best time to plant a tree was years ago. The second best time is now. –Chinese Proverb
"I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. –Maya Angelou"
What’s money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do. –Bob Dylan
"I need to see my own beauty and to continue to be reminded that I am enough, that I am worthy of love without effort, that I am beautiful, that the texture of my hair and that the shape of my curves, the size of my lips, the color of my skin, and the feelings that I have are all worthy and okay. - Tracee Ellis Ross"
"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, “I’m possible!” –Audrey Hepburn"
Silence is the last thing the world will ever hear from me. — Marlee Matlin
"Our lives are stories in which we write, direct and star in the leading role. Some chapters are happy while others bring lessons to learn, but we always have the power to be the heroes of our own adventures. — Joelle Speranza"
"Love your family, work super hard, live your passion.” — Gary Vaynerchuk"
We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action. — Dr. Henry Link
"I've noticed when I fear something, if I just end up doing it, I'm grateful in the end. — Colleen Hoover"
The need for change bulldozed a road down the center of my mind. —  Maya Angelou
"Be courageous. Challenge orthodoxy. Stand up for what you believe in. When you are in your rocking chair talking to your grandchildren many years from now, be sure you have a good story to tell. — Amal Clooney  Inspiring quote from Duchess Meghan Canva"
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. –Albert Einstein"
"I just want you to know that if you are out there and you are being really hard on yourself right now for something that has happened ... it's normal. That is what is going to happen to you in life. No one gets through unscathed. We are all going to have a few scratches on us. Please be kind to yourselves and stand up for yourself, please. — Taylor Swift"
"Real change, enduring change, happens one step at a time. — Ruth Bader Ginsburg"
My life is just beginning.
"All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination. — Earl Nightingale"
I am a powerhouse; I am indestructible.
"One small positive thought in the morning can change my whole day. So, today I rise with a powerful thought to set the tone and allow success to reverberate through every moment of my day."
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you. — Walt Whitman"
"Caring for myself is not self-indulgence, it is self-preservation, and that is an act of political warfare.” - Audre Lorde"
(For those who are singleThe perfect partner for me is coming into my life sooner than I expect.
"You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing, no one to blame. –Erica Jong"
I have been given endless talents which I begin to utilize today.
I am an unstoppable force of nature.
"I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear; knowing what must be done does away with fear. — Rosa Parks"
The battles that count aren't the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself--the invisible battles inside all of us--that's where it's at. –Jesse Owens
"Real growth is not about becoming bigger; badder; more powerful; it’s about becoming softer, more compassionate, and more at ease with truth and vulnerability. —  Rebekah Borucki"
I am the architect of my life; I build its foundation and choose its contents.
"Clarity about what matters provides clarity about what does not. —  Cal Newport, Deep Work"
“Do the best you can. No one can do more than that.” ―John Wooden
I am strong.
"Don’t wait for resilience to magically happen when the stars align, just decide that you are. —  Maisie Hill"
"The elevator to success is out of order. You’ll have to use the stairs, one step at a time.” — Joe Girard"
"Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. –Grandma Moses"
I am successful.
I feed my spirit. I train my body. I focus my mind. This is my time.
Everything that is happening now is happening for my ultimate good.
There are no traffic jams along the extra mile. –Roger Staubach
The power of imagination makes us infinite. — John Muir
It’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years. –Abraham Lincoln
My obstacles are moving out of my way; my path is carved towards greatness.
"In a gentle way, you can shake the world. — Mahatma Gandhi"
Today I’m free to pick a healthier support system.—Nedra Glover Tawwab
"I invite everyone to choose forgiveness rather than division, teamwork over personal ambition.” — Jean-Francois Cope"
It is never too late to be what you might have been. –George Eliot
Start where you are. Use what you have.  Do what you can. –Arthur Ashe
I forgive those who have harmed me in my past and peacefully detach from them.
"We have so much coming in as sisters, when is our interior life ever put at the forefront? We constantly want to give to other people ... Too much of not caring for yourself is not a good thing. We’re bad at that as achievers. Self-care is a priority and we have to do it more.” - Ava DuVernay"
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. –Anne Frank
Fall seven times and stand up eight. –Japanese Proverb
I do not engage with people who try to penetrate my mind with unhelpful thoughts and ideas—I walk away when a person or a situation isn’t healthy for me.
My body is healthy; my mind is brilliant; my soul is tranquil.
"People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily.” — Zig Ziglar"
"Opportunities don't happen, you create them.” — Chris Grosser"
You miss of the shots you don’t take. –Wayne Gretzky
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. –George Addair
"Each time I give myself a personal / intervention to shift my thoughts / with a positive, clear intention— / sunshine cascades into my world. —  Charles Waters, from ""Dictionary for a Better World"
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is! — Anne Frank
I am blessed with an incredible family and wonderful friends.
"They can say whatever, I’ma do whatever / No pain is forever, yup, you know this / Tougher than a lion, ain’t no need in tryin’ / I live where the sky ends, yup, you know this. —  Christopher A. Stewart and others, “Hard” (sung by Rihanna)"
"I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realise I should have been more specific.” — Lily Tomlin"
"I believe that if you'll just stand up and go, life will open up for you. Something just motivates you to keep moving. — Tina Turner"
"The question is not what you look at, but what you see. — Henry David Thoreau"
It’s a good day to have a good day. —  Author Unknown
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” ―Theodore Roosevelt"
"If you’re not positive energy, you’re negative energy.” Mark Cuban"
"Trying to grow up is hurting. You make mistakes. You try to learn from them, and when you don't, it hurts even more. — Aretha Franklin"
"Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.  –Robert Frost"
“Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.” — Dalai Lama
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. — Aristotle
It is never too late to be what you might have been. — George Eliot
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. –W. Clement Stone
"Real change, enduring change, happens one step at a time.—Ruth Bader Ginsburg"
“Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.” — Tony Robbins
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye. - Helen Keller
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. –Steve Jobs
You are always on your way to a miracle.—SARK (Susan Ariel Rainbow Kennedy)
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.  Live the life you have imagined. –Henry David Thoreau
A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty. –Unknown
I am filled with focus.
"When I was years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life.  When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up.  I wrote down ‘happy’.  They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life. –John Lennon"
Spread love everywhere you go. — Mother Teresa
Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans. –John Lennon
"It is not what you do for your children, but what you have taught them to do for themselves, that will make them successful human beings.  –Ann Landers"
"I’m a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.” — Thomas Jefferson"
I am healing and strengthening every day.
"You can’t use up creativity.  The more you use, the more you have. –Maya Angelou"
"Hope” is the thing with feather. —  / That perches in the sou."" —  / And sings the tune without the word."" —  / And never stop."" —  at all -—Emily Dickenson, “Hope Is the Thing with Feathers”"
"I do not waste away a single day of my life. I squeeze every ounce of value out of each of my days on this planet—today, tomorrow, and everyday."
One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals. - Michelle Obama
"Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is. –Vince Lombardi"
"Either you run the day, or the day runs you. –Jim Rohn"
"If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. –Latin Proverb"
You are your best thing. - Toni Morrison
All I need is within me right now.
I don't look ahead. I'm right here with you. It's a good way to be. — Danny DeVito
I am grateful for everything I have in my life.
"Individual commitment to a group effort—that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilisation work.” — Vince Lombardi"
I care about decency and humanity and kindness. Kindness today is an act of rebellion. — Pink
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts today. — Franklin Delano Roosevelt
I am constantly growing and evolving into a better person.
"Out of the mountain of despair, a stone of hope. — Martin Luther King, Jr."
"Through the power of my thoughts and words, incredible transformations are happening in me and within my life right now."
"You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. –Beverly Sills"
If you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely. — Roald Dahl
Education costs money.  But then so does ignorance. –Sir Claus Moser
Do not allow people to dim your shine because they are blinded. Tell them to put some sunglasses on. — Lady Gaga
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud. — Maya Angelou
I am powerful.
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. –Benjamin Franklin
"Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see. –Confucius"
"Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence win championships.” — Michael Jordan"
"Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth, and everything else will come. — Ellen DeGeneres"
“Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.” — Henry Ford
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows fall behind you. —  Maori proverb
"When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.” — Paulo Coelho"
"In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. –Bill Cosby"
"Discard everything that does not spark joy."" —  Marie Kondo, The Life Changing Magic of Tidying Up"
"People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing.  That’s why we recommend it daily. –Zig Ziglar"
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. –Joshua J. Marine
I am independent and self-sufficient.
You've got to learn to leave the table when love's no longer being served. - Nina Simone
I must remember the incredible power I possess within me to achieve anything I desire.
"We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained. –Marie Curie"
You do not find the happy life. You make it. — Camilla Eyring Kimball
"First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end. –Aristotle"
You have to be where you are to get where you need to go. — Amy Poehler
“Life is like a sewer… what you get out of it depends on what you put into it.” — Tom Lehrer
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do. –Leonardo da Vinci
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any. –Alice Walker
"Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.” - Maya Angelou"
"Don't be afraid. Because you're going to be afraid. But remember when you become afraid, just don't be afraid. — Joan Jett"
We become what we think about. –Earl Nightingale
"What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you. — Ralph Waldo Emerson"
"Definitions belong to the definers, not the defined. — Toni Morrison"
I didn’t fail the test. I just found ways to do it wrong. –Benjamin Franklin
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. — Malala Yousafzai
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. –Florence Nightingale
"Great things are done not by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together. —  Vincent van Gogh"
I can be whatever I want to be.
Believe you can and you’re halfway there. –Theodore Roosevelt
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible. — Deepak Chopra
Change your thoughts and you change your world. –Norman Vincent Peale
Remember that what’s happened to you does not define who you are. —  Noa Shaw
"I was built this way for a reason, so I’m going to use it. - Simone Biles"
"For me, becoming isn’t about arriving somewhere or achieving a certain aim. I see it instead as forward motion, a means of evolving, a way to reach continuously toward a better self. The journey doesn't end. — Michelle Obama"
"Showing up as your authentic self gives others permission to do the same. That can change the world."" — Shereen Sun"
"I know that where I am in my life, now, is both temporary and exactly where I need to be to learn what I must learn, so that I can become the person I need to be to create the life I truly want.—Hal Elrod, The Miracle Morning"
My fears of tomorrow are simply melting away.
Life is what happens to me and of how I react to it. –Charles Swindoll
I don’t compare myself to others. The only person I compare myself to is the person I was yesterday. And as long as the person I am today is even the tiniest bit better than the person I was yesterday—I’m meeting my own definition of success.
"When we let fear be our master, we cannot be happy and free as a butterfly. But when we choose to trust the journey and embrace love and joy, we are free to fly. — Annicken R. Day"
“Work until your bank account looks like a phone number.” — Unknown
Today will be a productive day.
You can be everything. You can be the infinite amount of things that people are. — Kesha
"If you make your internal life a priority, then everything else you need on the outside will be given to you and it will be extremely clear what the next step is. — Gabrielle Bernstein"
I am inspiring people through my work.
"When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. –Lao Tzu"
I’m freeing myself from all destructive doubt and fear.
“Teamwork is the ability to work together toward a common vision. The ability to direct individual accomplishments toward organizational objectives. It is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results.” — Andrew Carnegie
You are a miracle. You have come to this earth for a brief parenthesis in eternity for a reason. And staying aligned with what feels like your purpose is the key to living a fully functioning life.—Dr. Wayne W. Dyer
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot. — Michael Altshuler
I am intelligent and focused.
"I tell myself, 'You've been through so much, you've endured so much, time will allow me to heal, and soon this will be just another memory that made me the strong woman, athlete, and mother I am today.' — Serena Williams"
"You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.' You must do the thing you think you cannot do. — Eleanor Roosevelt"
"We’ve been making our own opportunities, and as you prove your worth and value to people, they can’t put you in a box. You hustle it into happening, right? — Jennifer Lopez"
You can’t fall if you don’t climb.  But there’s no joy in living your whole life on the ground. –Unknown
“Self-esteem means knowing you are the dream.” – Oprah Winfrey
Life has got all those twists and turns. You've got to hold on tight and off you go. — Nicole Kidman
Don't try to lessen yourself for the world; let the world catch up to you. — Beyoncé
"If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one! — Dolly Parton"
"We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us. — Joseph Campbell"
"Each and every day, I am getting closer to achieving my goals."
"You make your own luck. —  Christopher Nolan, ""The Dark Knight"
I am making peace with the fact that my to-do list will never be done. —  Nedra Glover Tawwab
"Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong. — Ella Fitzgerald"